add info on the 'change row display' settings in the ide (#3904)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface.md

   - **Version Control Options menu &mdash;** Below the Git Actions button, the **Changes** section, which lists all file changes since the last commit. You can click on a change to open the Git Diff View to see the inline changes. You can also right-click any file and use the file-specific options in the Version Control Options menu.

> <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/version-control-options-menu.png" width="30%" title=" Right-click edited files to access Version Control Options menu"/>

Reviewer: This looks good in output, but curious of it needs the space in the image title?

> <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/version-control-options-menu.png" width="30%" title=" Right-click edited files to access Version Control Options menu"/>

Author: ```suggestion
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/version-control-options-menu.png" width="30%" title="Right-click edited files to access Version Control Options menu"/>
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/ide-markdown-with-save.jpg" width="100%" title="The Markdown Preview console tab renders markdown code below the Editor tab."/>

- **CSV Preview console tab &mdash;** The CSV Preview console tab displays the data from your CSV file in a table, which updates automatically as you edit the file in your seed directory.
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/ide-csv.jpg" width="100%" title="View csv code in the CSV Preview console tab below the Editor tab."/>

## Console section

The console section, located below the File editor, includes various console tabs and buttons to help you with tasks such as previewing, compiling, building, and viewing the <Term id="dag" />. Refer to the following sub-bullets for more details on the console tabs and buttons.
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/ide-console-overview.jpg" width="100%" title="The Console section is located below the File editor and has various tabs and buttons to help execute tasks"/>

> 1. **Preview button &mdash;** When you click on the Preview button, it runs the SQL in the active file editor regardless of whether you have saved it or not and sends the results to the Results console tab. 

Reviewer: @mirnawong1 This step has a lot of notes under it and I worry they will get lost. I suggested adding labels to each note to make them easily scannable, but I wonder if we should add section like "Default row limits in IDE" (or something) and then do this:
> To prevent the IDE from returning too much data and causing browser problems, dbt automatically sets a 500-row limit to queries executed using the Preview Button. You can change this default limit in dbt version 1.6 and higher. Learn more by referring to "Default row limits in IDE." Alternatively, you can specify the number of records to return using `SELECT TOP #` Learn more by referring to ???

Author: ah yes great call @runleonarun ! ok i've added a toggle to have it stand out more and also make it clear for users who intend on using this behavior -- what do you think?
<img width="752" alt="Screenshot 2023-08-14 at 09 36 42" src="https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/89008547/f2a1d19e-7144-4b2a-a408-2831b589c8aa">
<img width="817" alt="Screenshot 2023-08-14 at 09 36 47" src="https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/89008547/be3ac518-82db-4e79-8ad2-aa88ab1bff8d">

Reviewer: Thanks @mirnawong1!! That feels much easier to parse quickly! Do you know if details tab content show up in algolia searches? For example, if someone searches the error message or "row limits in IDE."

Author: no worries! i think it does but let me verify with the front end team on this. i also think i should link this section in the ide [preview and build](https://deploy-preview-3904--docs-getdbt-com.netlify.app/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud)' section to help users navigate better.

>    * To prevent the IDE from returning too much data and causing browser problems, there is a 500-row limit automatically set to queries executed using the **Preview Button**. You can modify this by adding `limit your_number` at the end of your SQL statement. For example, `SELECT * FROM` table `limit 100` will return up to 100 rows. Remember that you must write the `limit your_number` explicitly and cannot derive it from a macro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **500-row limit:** To prevent the IDE from returning too much data and causing browser problems, dbt automatically sets a 500-row limit when using the **Preview Button**. You can modify this by adding `limit your_number` at the end of your SQL statement. For example, `SELECT * FROM` table `limit 100` will return up to 100 rows. Remember that you must write the `limit your_number` explicitly and cannot derive it from a macro.
```

>    * In dbt version 1.6 or higher, you have the ability to change the default limit of 500 rows shown in the **Results** tab when you run a query. To adjust the setting you can click on **Change row display** next to the displayed rows. Keep in mind that you can't set it higher than 10,000 rows. If you refresh the page or close your development session, the default limit will go back to 500 rows.

Reviewer 2: 👍

>    * In dbt version 1.6 or higher, you have the ability to change the default limit of 500 rows shown in the **Results** tab when you run a query. To adjust the setting you can click on **Change row display** next to the displayed rows. Keep in mind that you can't set it higher than 10,000 rows. If you refresh the page or close your development session, the default limit will go back to 500 rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Change row limit default:** In dbt version 1.6 or higher, you have the ability to change the default limit of 500 rows shown in the **Results** tab when you run a query. To adjust the setting you can click on **Change row display** next to the displayed rows. Keep in mind that you can't set it higher than 10,000 rows. If you refresh the page or close your development session, the default limit will go back to 500 rows.
```

>    * The IDE also supports `SELECT TOP #`, which specifies the number of records to return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Specify records returned:** The IDE also supports `SELECT TOP #`, which specifies the number of records to return.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/lineage-console-tab.jpg" width="100%" title="View resource lineage in the Lineage tab"/>

## Invocation history

> The Invocation History Drawer stores information on dbt invocations in the IDE. When you invoke a command (like executing a dbt command such as `dbt run`), the associated logs are displayed in the Invocation History Drawer. 

Reviewer: I think we can remove the parentheses.
```suggestion
The Invocation History Drawer stores information on dbt invocations in the IDE. When you invoke a command, like executing a dbt command such as `dbt run`, the associated logs are displayed in the Invocation History Drawer. 
```
